# Zenith Labs
## Team Meeting 1 - Week 6 - 1st April 2023 (3:25pm - 4:00pm)
**Absent:**
<br>
**Lead/scribe:** Harrison

## Agreed Procedure

Conflict resolution: see conflict resolution minutes below.

Division of work: See below
## Agenda Items
| Number | Item |
| :--- | ---: |
| 1 | Conflict Resolution |
| 2 | Team Name |
| 3 | Discussion of project ideas |
| 4 | New meeting time |
| 5 | Division of Work |

## Meeting Minutes
Conflict Resolution:
- Don't meet deadlines: Expectation to communicate if any deadline is expected to be missed.  Ask for explanation, how much more time they need. If they can't catch up, work is allocated to rest of team and contribution score is adjusted accordingly.
- Someone gets sick: Take the time off, let everyone know you're sick. We'll try to program in a buffer period to account for this. If sickness is justifiable it will not affect contribution score.
- Disagreements: Civil discussion without talking over each other followed by a vote which bounds the team to that direction, the vote can only be overturned by another vote.
- ChatGPT: Don't use it except as a last resort, ask team members before using.
- Communication: use Microsoft Teams messages.

Team name:
- Want the team name to represent our values and shared identity as teammates from solar racing.
- Suggestions: Flint, Solar Satsuma, seaGUM, DashMoss, Solar Supporters.
- Settled on Zenith Labs: veiled reference to the position of the sun at noon, plus sounds like a trendy startup.

Project Outline Ideas:
- Meetcode: give a daily programming challenge and discuss it with your friends. Could implement syntax highlighter using a parser.
- Class forum: More compsci focussed than current Wattle forums.
- Final idea: coding forum to discuss challenges, with private messaging to discuss one-on-one.

Meeting time:
- Weekly is the vibe, good to see everyone and make sure we're on track.
- Current time is very hectic, other meetings on either side.
- Update calendars and Harrison will send out invites.
- Current idea is Friday afternoons - will confirm via Teams message.

Division of work:
- Keep it even as much as possible.
- Many small tasks == fewer larger tasks. Not going to measure down to microsecond - Complete allocated tickets. Expectation you will regulate yourself to do only 20% of total work.
- If you do more than agreed to, great, however, everyone else should not have contribution % lowered as result. 
- No preference for type of activities for each member to complete at present, but this is likely to change once the overall structure is confirmed.


## TODO Items
| Task | Assignee |
| :--- | ---: |
| Outline of wanted features - to come back at next meeting | All |
| Sketch out proposed flow diagrams - to come back at next meeting | All |
| Setting of new meeting time | Harrison |

## Scribe Rotation
The following dictates who will be scribe in this and the next meeting.
| Name |
| :---: |
| Harrison |
| Alex |
| Jayden |
| Geun |
| Nikhila |
